time to give you guys a couple minutes
okay
oh
this
i
i'll be back
um
music
that's right i recovered
over hello
together
hey
is
yes
uh you work your way back to the scene slowly one
of the things you'll find uh as you continue to
get to know inspiring hope is uh we really love
relationships so um we struggle to get back to
i enjoy that and the more that we get to build
relationships we believe we're stronger as people
right i think god has designed right relationships
together to encourage one another right and then
relationship with him and so uh again we love
that with our church to do that but um today we're
gonna be in ephesians chapter five um and we're
gonna be starting in verse 15 today if you don't
have a bible with you i encourage you there's
one back here on the main steps table grab it
you can get up and grab that now or if you're like
most people i would lose my bible if i brought to
church every week sorry guys so i bring it on my
phone so download a bible live it's a great way to
be able to bring the word with you um each sunday
and or even during the day of whatever you're
going about your day so ephesians chapter five
and one of the things i wanted to talk about is
as we move forward we've been actually walking
through the book of ephesians as we move forward
a lot of times we forget to look back right where
have we been um and so it's it's just it could be
a good time for us to just take a step back and
say what have we what have we been reading what
have we been studying over the last several
several months i think since the beginning of
this year we've been walking through the book of
ephesians so the book of ephesians is wrote by the
apostle paul um see paul was not an apostle at
one point in his life where god transformed his
life god radically changed his life because what
god did for him he lived his life out for god um
and we are really seeing that in this book to
the ephesians these are writing a letter again
to other believers and he wants to know the
same thing that he knows right all the things
that god has done for him all the things that
god has done for him and so we spent the first
three chapters and that's all that paul did in the
first three chapters is really just talked about
all that god has done for us all that god's
divorce and there's two ways to look at this so
as a believer it's all that god has done for us
as somebody who doesn't know christ it's all that
god can do for you so i'll say that again it's
really writing in this this book the first three
chapters is all that god's done for you if you are
a follower of jesus or all that god can do for you
if you follow jesus so there's two ways to look
at that so i wanted to be able to highlight some
of the things that paul mentioned god has done
for us so he has chosen us again he's chosen us
meaning that he he had the opportunity to leave
us in our condition lost not a relationship
with god speaking eternity separated from him
but he chose us he adopted us he redeemed us
and he's forgiven us and that's what you'll see
if you're wondering where i'm getting all this is
really the first three chapters of ephesians so
i encourage you if you haven't read it lately
after today's message go back and read
the first three chapters of ephesians
you'll get to see a lot of these things one
he he's also given us an inheritance in heaven
and this is a guarantee right i don't know
about you guys but if somebody was to come
to me today and say hey so-and-so left you
inheritance i would be thrilled well guess what
through god's word we learned that god has
listened to this inheritance that will never
never go away though it's guaranteed for
us in heaven as we give in our lives to him
he says that he has filled us with a promise again
to keep us for eternity he's given us power and
unity and grace and mercy he's created us for a
purpose and this is really where we landed from
last week so the first three chapters talked about
all that god's done for us and as a result of
what god has done for us we go live as children
of life that's what we talked about last week
in ephesians chapter five we go live as children
of light and one of the ways that we describe that
if you see some of these shirts around here
is go live inspire that's exactly what that
means go live for jesus go live in a way that
shows other people jesus um and so the the the
question here then is all that god's done for us
we're supposed to do one imitate jesus how do we
do that and that's exactly what paul did he didn't
just say okay god's almost where you go walk his
children's life he's actually practically talking
about how we go live inspired how we walk his
children's life how we walk and entertain jesus
and so there's two ways he can kind of describe
this in chapter five of things that we should put
off or take off and things that we should put on
as children of life as somebody who would follow
jesus and so the couple of things that he talked
about in chapter five was this we should put these
things off sexual immorality and purity and greed
obscene and foolish talking and cruel joking
and then he says words of darkness and so
all these things we were to put off and here was
the big thing that we talked about as we were
talking about the things we should put off why why
should we put those things off because sometimes
those things are fun or sometimes those things are
funny but you know why can't we do that it's not
valuable for you so he talks about this in verse
11 where he says these things are not beneficial
they're not fruitful they're not valuable for
you so then he says okay here's some things we
should put on those things we should put off as
followers of jesus these things we should put on
as followers of jesus and so he says we should
put on purity we should put on thanksgiving
and he says the fruit of children of life fruit
of someone walking and following god is goodness
righteousness and truth and so all the ways that
god wants us to walk and that's guided for us is
in these three words goodness righteousness and
truth and again we walked through that last week
and so all the things that we are really
going to be talking about today rely on
those things and so that's what i don't want us
to miss is we're looking at these three verses
15 16 and 17 i was planning to cover more verses
but i literally got through these three verses and
said gotta cut it up there's just so much here
i think that paul's trying to speak to the the
people he was writing to with this book but
he's also speaking to us that's what i love
about god's word it's timeless which means it
applies to us today and maybe you've read this
text in the past you're like i've already got
it i don't need to hear another message on it
that's not true because god's word is new every
day which means there's different seasons of your
life you read a word the word from god word of
god and it really speaks to you differently i'm
hoping and praying as you read today he'll speak
to you a little bit different um with this text
and so let's look at the verses here and i'll
read those and then we'll jump in and so it says
here in verse 15 it says pay careful attention
then how you live not as unwise people but as
wise making the most of the time because the days
are evil don't be foolish but understand what the
and so we're lord's will stop right there so let's
pray and uh just ask god to joke in our hearts to
hear what he has to say for us lord jesus we just
pray lord not for you um to just lord work today
i know that apart from you we can do nothing
and lord i was just reminded as we opened up
this this service and prayer that i felt like
through the whole worship service we were really
just praying we were giving our offering back
to you and so lord i pray that this is another
time that we do that we're listening intently
lord we're listening in order to to know you
and to know how to live in a way that others come
to know and so we pray this in your heart amen
so the first thing that we see here and i'm
going to be very practical with you so if you're
like hey the text you're just really telling me
what the text says that that's good that's good
i don't know you guys it's some of the things
in the bible like we try to overcomplicate but
it really speaks to just practical understanding
i think we're going to learn that a little bit
today so he says this pay careful attention
to how you live pay careful attention how
you live see i think about this um anybody
had an overbearing parent growing up anybody
i did here's what my mom would say every
day before i got in the car watch out for
the other driver watch out for the other journal
like basically hey watch out who's on the road
be very attentive right be very intense be careful
how you drive what did i say to her i know i know
but there were some days it really became numb
right she would say that i was i really attended
because i was probably blaring the music those
were the days that texting just started and so
that may date me but i started making texting
while i was driving so was i really paying careful
attention so these are those moments like you hear
this you know okay great pay careful attention
but let's really see why paul is saying pay
careful attention and so when we look at this
uh paul is saying again since we're looking at
this in light of what we've studied is um he's
saying that since darkness and brokenness is
all around us right all these things we need
to put off as followers of crisis all around us
the way that we combat falling into these things
is to be careful another word is diligent that
maybe what's in your word is this word diligence
showing constant effort to pursue life goodness
righteousness righteousness and truth so what's
the opposite right it's walking careless
without proper guidance and forethought and
whatever i think about these things i was actually
driving on friday to sands with my wife and uh we
were driving all of a sudden she said where are
you going i said i don't know and she said well
i thought you knew where you're going with her i
don't have any clue right so i was driving in such
a way that i was careless i had no clue we had 15
minutes down the road away from where sam's was
and so i just thought about this i wasn't i was
just careless in my drive i wasn't even paying
attention i didn't know where i was going i'm
just driving of course we were very quiet for
the next five or 10 minutes and she was angry that
we were a little bit late but it's okay because
it actually taught me a lesson right i wasn't
careful at how we were going about life i wasn't
really thinking through to pay careful attention
and so i also think about this those of you who
love sports i'm a sports guy i'm actually going
to leave out of here today uh actually go to a
dance recital across the road and then we're going
to go to flight football and help coach that but
let me tell you this is the way i think of things
is my son when he first started playing black
football this season they would play on defense
everybody wants to play on offense everybody
wants to be the quarterback of the running back i
don't know about you guys but that's typically the
two positions everybody wants to lead but when
it comes on defense it's kind of like um right
so here's what would happen we would we would
line up for defense and they would stand like this
they weren't like okay great and they would go and
spit and run past them and then they'd get beat
we said no you need to be careful gonna be ready
right you'll be on your toes so that whenever
the defense or one of the offense comes at you
whenever the enemy comes at you you're ready
you're paying careful attention to what
they're doing right you're following the
law you're listening you're a tenant that's
exactly what paul said be ready be careful
pay careful attention to how you live it's very
very important that we do that so when we think
about the christian life right we can't take the
christian life for granted we can't take this
life that god has called us to live for granted
and i i make this statement and hopefully the
same thing if you've heard it enough times
at the moment of salvation you've given your
life to christ if god was done with you he would
have taken you to heaven but you're still here
the question is why why why are you still here
well because god has a design purpose for you
for you yeah you and maybe you're wondering can
god use you absolutely i would just dare you to
go study a little bit of the bible and you'll
see a lot of the broken people and struggling
people who didn't have all the greatest gifts who
were just willing to follow god and god houston
so what i would say is we can't go through
life by chance we have to pay careful attention
the decisions that we're making need to be wise
and that's that second part of this verse we're
going to jump into but i want us to jump back
and look at verse 14 for just a second because it
really speaks to this so paul says this coming out
of last week's test he says get up sleeper rise up
from the dead and christ will shine on you so when
we think about paying careful attention someone
who is asleep or half a sleep is not really paying
careful attention and this is what i thought
anybody ever got up in the middle of the knife
especially when you're sitting in a new place
and you have your eyes closed you've got to go
your eyes are closed and you run into the wall
right we're asleep we're half asleep we're
just kind of fumbling through life that's what
paul's saying here pay careful attention
open your eyes wake up sleeper god's got
a purpose for you don't miss it don't
miss it so i i want to ask this question
you can answer it to yourself we'll ask this
question do you want to make your life count
do you really want your life to matter and in
the span of eternity that you did something worth
value anybody i know i do and that's exactly why
i'm here and i believe why many of you are here
because you want to make your life count see paul
is writing to other believers who are dealing
with some persecution dealing with some struggles
knowing these things are coming battling darkness
and worldly things that are drawing away and
he's saying i want your life to matter pay
careful attention to how you live so then paul
begins to walk through this he lists several
reasons why we should pay careful attention to
our lives and how we walk and he starts with the
second part of 15 so he says pay careful attention
then to how you live not as unwise people but as
wives so the first thing that paul's saying is
we should pay careful attention to how we live is
because it's a mark of wisdom i'll tell you this i
like being around wise people they make me smarter
i'm drawn to them right when they do things that
are really good or valuable and like i want to
know how they did and so what paul's saying is
live as wise as unwise people right it's a mark of
wisdom um and so people who are paying careful
attention to their lives that are intentionally
living their lifestyle are wise they're
not unwise um and so we should be known as
wise people because it points other people
to jesus and uh i think about this when it
comes to building a house a wise builder first
puts the plans together right he sets up plans
together so he knows how he's going to build the
house what it looks like what he has to measure
out for he doesn't just randomly go and say i'm
gonna grab some pieces of wood and go out this
he's intentional about how he does he's wise about
how he does it yet how many of us plan our days
and use them in such a way that is wise that
will make the greatest difference i mean i i
just want to know how many of you wake up and
say today i'm going to wisely invest my time if
this is the last day i lived and this is how i'm
planning it out so i can make the greatest impact
i don't think i can raise my hand and here's
the reason why most of the time i don't i
just jump into things and i start going and
then at the end of the day i wonder if i even
accomplished anything that was beneficial
for me or even for for the kingdom of god
and so paul's saying wise people pay attention why
is people pay careful attention to how they live
because they know their life matters their life
has a purpose so i think about this when it comes
to gun should anybody shoot at a target that he's
targeting shooting either with an arrow or a gun
you ever done it before any of you ever shot just
to shoot not true to targets like just randomly
like you're just like that would be careless right
no we have a target in life to shoot out god has
a target in life for us to follow him and aim
and and purposely carefully aim at and shoot at
yet i think about this many of us carry a title
of being a christian but our lives don't match
that time our lives are aiming at the wrong heart
is we're not even in that target at all and i've
read this and i'm going to move on to the next one
but matthew 7 24-27 really speaks directly to this
he says therefore everyone who hears these words
of mine this is jesus speaking everyone who hears
these words of mine so he hears me and acts on
him so follows through with him is a wise man
who built his house on a rock the rain fell and
the rivers rose and the winds blew and pounded
on the house yet it didn't collapse because its
foundation was on the rock but everyone who hears
these words and doesn't act on it is a foolish man
unwise basically who has built his house on sand
the rain fell the rivers rose so the winds
blew and pounded on the house and it collapsed
and there was a great crash so we see here that
for us again looking in light of of the life that
we are living that we know god has given you today
to live and nothing more guaranteed we should live
and pay careful attention to how we live
talking through this he says that we
should pay careful attention to how we live
because it's a mark of wisdom but then he goes
on and he says this is also because life is short
verse 16 let's just look at verse 16 the first
part of it he says making the most of your time
making the most of your time so something
you have in your in the bible where it
says redeeming the time psalm 90 12 says
this teach us to number our days carefully
so that we may develop wisdom in our hearts see i
i would say that that's exactly the psalmist there
is exactly affirming what paul is saying make sure
you're careful of how you live your life because
we need to make the most of our time we
don't know how many more days we have
but we look at this and we think through
this and i started thinking through this like
do you realize that seriously tomorrow you don't
wake up like i mean i know i don't like being
morbid like i don't want to be that guy i don't
work with that guy's life every day i'm going
to die tomorrow so better live it up today but
really what we're seeing here is when you live
what i would call it in short segments which says
every day you live is every day is your last day
how would you live so i want to ask that question
seriously and so this is the part where you're
gonna learn more about us i like asking questions
i'm gonna stop and listen to y'all answer this
so if you have one day to live this is your
last day tell me what you do what would you do
hearts anybody else here's your last day
to live how would you love this thing
do you remember last week we were studying uh
matthew 28 and we said this is one of the last
conversations jesus had with his followers and
some of the times people's last words are some
of the most important words to listen to this is
the great commission that came out of that right
a lot of people that they're on their
deathbed as they wish they would have
cherished moments with their family they wish
they would have had more conversations or they
would have done this or they would have done that
right and so when we're thinking about if this was
the last day to live the questions i started
asking myself is how would we treat our family
and spend time with him who would you go visit
who would you tell here's important who would
you know about jesus knowing that you may be the
only person to get the opportunity to tell them
would you get into petty arguments like
me and my wife seems to get over like
it could be some during the floor the next thing
you know what's this big argument would you get
in those anymore or would you say it's not
worth it it's my last day um what about this
would you put off giving your life to jesus
because i'm i'm telling you there's times that
we disable tomorrow next week would you put off
giving your life to jesus if you knew tomorrow
you weren't guaranteed to turn me in heaven with
him let me share this story with you so my grandpa
um about two years ago passed away and uh me
and my family were actually getting ready to
go on vacation doing the hospital at that point
everything was fine um so we start traveling to
florida and uh he's getting a little bit worse
we get a chance to talk to them on the phone on
our way to florida but while we're in florida they
actually end up having to come in he's not doing
well so we decided to end our vacation early
we'll travel back we travel overnight we leave
about seven pm we're going to travel all the way
back to oklahoma that's when we lived in oklahoma
so you're talking 17 18 hours but we're going to
do a straight shot we did a short shot with all of
our kids um we get back um 80 a.m in that morning
my sister's going to come over we're going to go
up to see my grandpa i jump in the shower and come
out and my sister's been and my grandfather passed
away see i realized i missed the moment right
i missed the moment to go see it one more time
and i think about this how many people come to the
end of their lives not knowing that tomorrow's the
last day they're gonna live and they missed the
moment they missed the moment to live as though
today is the last day that they would ever live
and they would say these things they wouldn't
want to say and they would accept the things
they know they need to accept like jesus they
would tell others about the things that mean the
most of them right how many times there's people
all over the world that don't know tomorrow's
the last day and today they live is that they're
guaranteed one see i just think about those
moments like that i don't want you i don't want
this city that we're trying to reach to live one
more day apart from the relationship with jesus
where they truly understand that you are designed
every one of you are designed for a purpose
to love god a relationship with him but to help
others experience that love and hope in the midst
of trials in the midst of struggling that's
exactly where paul's getting made the most of
your time make the most of your time and here's
why he says this because the days are people
see this is where we realize is that in that day
of paul there's lots of persecution for christians
for for other people he understood how important
it was not to take for granted what opportunities
he would have see he's writing from prison just
so you know paul's writing this letter from prison
and paul had no clue if he was going to get
executed the next day or not he kept pinning the
letter because he wanted to make his life count
he wanted to make sure he got as much truth out
there for others to be changed and so he says you
know these days are evil and so i think about this
when we know that the days are people i mean i
don't i most people i talk to know this i mean
the world's not in a great situation we'd love
to think maybe it is but it's really not and i'm
not turning again debbie down on this it's not
and it's not getting any better right now and
it's just a sense of what's going to go on and
here's what paul's saying i've been there before
the days are evil so this is the question when
as a follower of jesus most of times we're like
we're good man if persecution comes and i die
and going to heaven but what about the person
that's waiting on you the days are evil so it's
not about us being concerned about ourselves but
it's this point where it's about being concerned
about others paul's saying the days are evil
pay careful attention to how you
live make the most of your time
because someone is waiting for
you on the other side of obedience
somebody's waiting on you to live today as though
it's your blessing i mean how impactful is it
i'm gonna step out here with you because i i
understand the thoughts that go through your
head well isn't god sovereign enough that he's
already got somebody in place to lead everybody
to faith in him at one point so i don't have
to do anything i mean he's got other people
and you know what i'm talking about my
wife reading about this two days ago
i said you know god is soft but every day he's
inviting you to be a part of that sovereignty
and if you don't we'll have an esther story right
what did mordecai tell esther and i know if you
don't know this context i'll tell you where
it is after service this is what more guys
said because esther had the ability to save her
people if you don't do it esther god will raise
up somebody that does and you know what as you
chose to be she chose to be part of god's story
days are you paul's saying make the most
of your time he's giving you the gift if
you give your life to jesus he's giving you the
gift of salvation what are you gonna do with it
what are you gonna do with it how do you live
today as though it's your last day who are you
gonna go talk to who you're gonna love are you
gonna forgive oh man who you're gonna forgive
make your life count this is
exactly where paul is getting
and i just think about this there's someone
waiting for me on the other side of obedience
don't leave them away don't leave me i just i
want to challenge you this why are we why are
we here today because of one separate weekends
after another there's many people in this room
who have done things in order to have said yes to
things in order to see god's glory god's ability
of his relationship to be shared with everybody
around this city and in our spiritual fields
and and what i would say is this you're
part of that story and today god's asking
you to take another step and be a part of
that story we have a city waiting on us
there's someone waiting on me and we have a city
waiting on us to live today so it's our last
so paul lists these reasons again why we
should pay careful attention to how we live
right it's a mark of wisdom because
life is short because the days are evil
and here's one that you're gonna go what let's
look at it he says because god has given us a mind
to do what with let's look at verse 17 he says so
don't be foolish and again i think if he's saying
don't be foolish don't be unwise he's being very
particular here right he wants us to make sure we
get this he says don't be foolish but understand
what the lord's will is this word understand
is more than just no right to understand the
lord's will is to discover again god's purpose for
you to follow in obedience to actually act on what
god has told you so you may have heard god's heart
you may have heard that god has saved you but are
you walking in them have you heard that god has
sent you to go tell other people about jesus but
are you acting on that so he's given us this mind
and then he says to search out basically what
the lord's will is anybody in here ever asked
and i just wish i knew what the lord's will
for i've asked my life lot of times even as
a pastor passed out a lot of times and
you know what god reminds me every time
that it's not a mystical experience or
something that he's hiding from us god
has clearly saved his will for your life if
you want to find it if you want to discover it
and so he he does that through a couple of
different things he does that through his word
through a prayer but also i would say
this overarching school it's relationship
again either hopefully this makes sense
to you there was this girl when i was
in high school that used to come get
breakfast every morning and i worked
this girl so you know it's my future wife but
um i wanted to know like i knew of her
so i got to know her because i really
wanted to know her so that took time
i had asked a lot of questions i took her on
dates we had conversations and i got to know
her i watched the activities she did and i just
i desired to know more and today there's probably
not anything i can't tell you about her because
she's an amazing woman who has amazing gifts
and i'm thankful it happened so because i
really cared i had a relationship with my wife
so do you want to know jesus do you really
want to know god's purpose for your life
do you really want to fully understand god's
will have a relationship him through what his
word through and just been there you ever
get this word like i don't know what that
this is saying i've been there it takes time
i mean we're sitting here worshiping today
and i think back to the days when i first
started worship worshiping as a believer
i didn't have any clue what those words
meant i still shared this story i was at
a meeting and there was this promotion that
came up the lord suffered and i turned to
my wife and said what what mill do we need to
bring i didn't understand the word sufferings
that's okay right we're learning this is the
part of our relationship early on with my life
whenever i started today here i didn't know much
about her but now her favorite color is blue
i know she loves kids i know that she is a
committed follower of jesus there's so much
more that i knew as i spent time with her so it
does take time but let me share this romans 12 1-2
says therefore brothers and sisters in view of the
mercies of god i urge you to present your body as
a living sacrifice holy and pleasing to god this
is your true worship and so he says this and this
speaks directly to the sex do not be conformed
to this age of darkness but be transformed by
the renewing of your mind so this comes back to
this understanding and he says so you discern
so you that you may discern what is good what
is pleasing and what is the perfect will of god
so part of knowing god's will is renewing your
mind every day on his word and truth so god
doesn't simply want you to know again his word
he wants you to understand it's the difference
between head knowledge and heart knowledge that's
the difference between religion and relationship
so it takes a relationship with it so we're
going to look at this last section of 17
where he says again so don't be
foolish but understand the lord's will
see paul spoke in ephesians 2 10 and i want
to i want to read this i think it's always
good to look back on the textbook study from
ephesians 2 10 says this it says for we are
his workmanship created in christ jesus for
good works that god had prepared beforehand
so god has prepared beforehand
his will to walk him
good works to walk in what is it what does
that mean so come back to this is as a church
we're here to help each one of you and everyone
that we come in contact to discover god's purpose
for the life through a relationship with
jesus so god reveals his plans and i want
to give you a couple of verses and this is just
a starter and we want to say what's god's will
this is just the start of what god's will is
first thessalonians 5 18 says in everything give
thanks for this is the will of god see if you're
wondering where god's will is start reading this
word and he'll tell you as you give thanks to
him everything you have that's his will so we
also know when it comes to prayer what do we pray
how do we discover god's will well matthew 6 10
this is jesus teaching his disciples how to pray
he says pray that your this o father in heaven
your kingdom come your will be done as it is in
earth and as it is in heaven right so in prayer
we ask for god's will to be done and god reveals
that to us i think of what we the text we covered
last week matthew 28 19 he says go therefore and
make disciples of all nations that's god's will
and so if you're wondering he says understand
don't just know don't just say i've been in
church my whole life but walk in and and have
a relationship with jesus and understand god's
will for your life and he says this is wise
right we've been talking foolishness wise
i want to be honest i want to be a wise steward
of my time that's what paul's speaking to as well
and so the question is what are we going to do
about the right it's in plain sight god's will
is in plain sight god has made you for a purpose
he's designed you to shine light be children
of light go live inspired he's designing for
that what are you gonna do so you may be as we
again just summarizing this you may be listening
to everything that was said today and you're just
a lot like me you said a lot of things but
what does that mean what does that mean
it's it's maybe confusing i would hope
that these things will motivate you
to search maybe you don't know jesus it's it
motivates you to search and say you know there
is more to this life but i don't fully understand
it but i have questions maybe it's for you as
a believer you've been walking as though you've
had time you know you're guaranteed more time and
you'll get there you'll follow jesus more i'll be
more of an obedient follower of jesus tomorrow or
the next day maybe you just need to hear that
today is the day for you to follow me closer if
you truly want to make your life count and impact
the world then you need to heed paul's advice to
pay careful attention to how you live the world's
watching other believers are watching and and just
to give you a great example the mission team
that's here this week that helped us this week
you know i think about someone when i make
that statement someone's waiting for you on
this other side of obedience mission team and
i guess throughout this room you guys are an
answer to our prayer you your obedience to come
as a result of an answer prayer and so we were
waiting on your obedience to come help us not
serve this week right isn't that amazing like
when you think about that but for everybody else
like what's the response what's the response how
do we walk away from this changed the question you
need to ask yourself this and is we're going to
have a time of imitation let me just explain what
that is the time of limitation is where we really
consider the things that we heard today maybe it's
just one thing god spoke to you but we consider
the things that we heard today when we asked
god to apply it to our lives and respond to it
um but i would challenge you to ask this question
are you just going through the motions of life
are you going through the motions
of life or is life just happening
in your experience or are you paying
careful attention to how you live
are you intentionally pursuing jesus
through a personal relationship with him
and this is just what i quote to you back
ephesians 5 14 wake up sleeper it's time
to wake up and realize that today is a special
day because it's not promised tomorrow someone's
waiting all right answer that questions
how would you live it make your life count
but two i just want to challenge you this
just don't wait if you've never given your
life to jesus don't wait don't wait i
sat for a year in a church listening to
the pastor tell me the same thing you're not
promised tomorrow don't wait you know god was
gracious and gave me a year to respond
he was he didn't have to give me a year
but we can't guarantee that year today is the
day of salvation i just would challenge you if
you haven't given the love of christ that today
is an amazing day to do that if you don't know
what that means that's a great question to ask so
during this invitation what i'd love to be able
to do is i'm going to stay in the back i hope that
that's just inviting to you to come ask questions
i'm not forcing you into anything i just want to
have a conversation what it means to follow jesus
maybe it's just team prayer maybe you're trying
to discover exactly your next step we believe
everybody in here has a next step right to follow
jesus to live as a fully devoted follower of
jesus to make a difference and i'd love to be
able to help you in that if you have questions
so let's pray lord jesus thank you again for today
thank you again for this time to spend the word
to be reminded that we need to be careful how
we live lord and that's that's not careful as
though we're scared but lord it's really just
being intentional to know that we need to
redeem the time we need to make every effort to
live wisely and to understand your will for our
lives lord and we know in the simplest form your
will is for us to have a relationship with you
lord thank you for sending your son jesus
to dying across the lord for our sins
because we were separated from you
where you could have left us here
separated from you forever but you didn't because
you pursued us you pursued us from the moment
that we were alive or born and you will pursue
us until the day that we die and i pray today
that there's someone in here that doesn't know you
more than today that we're swallowing or boarded
they've been following you lord and maybe they've
just not been fully surrendered um to your will
and understand that lord i pray that they take a
next step in discovering that lord and then maybe
they just come back and talk with me a little bit
more about that and lord we love you we approach